this is where most people get it raw
probably not gonna buy anything from you
or sign up for anything
you can't adapt it to your industry
don't post it
all right so we're going to talk about
how to use meme marketing to grow faster
so first let's define what meme
marketing is so Neil how would you
define a meme what's a what's your
favorite meme you have to Define it and
tell us your favorite meme I'm gonna
actually just Google this I don't know
how to define a meme but uh a meme
definition I'm Googling image a video
piece of pect typically humorous in
nature that is copied and spread rapidly
by internet users often with slight
variations so my favorite meme that I
saw recently is a picture of a Thai
restaurant and it's close and the meme
said uh strong SEO game
like the Thai restaurants close all
together like it's out of business and
it says strong SEO game a little bit
nerdy but for us for people listening to
this podcast they probably will find it
amusing look at this one over here so I
got 3 500 likes and then 260 000
Impressions just posting this meme over
here and that was the one where I kind
of just found something that I liked and
it ended up going well but here's the
key to growing faster using memes this
is where most people get it raw
with your social channels where you're
you're gonna end up thinking oh if I
post these memes I'm not gonna get any
Revenue I'm not going to generate any
customers and that's true directly you
will not the people that watch and share
the memes or look at the memes depending
if it's a video or an image and share it
those people right then and there from
that mean they're probably not going to
buy anything from you or sign up for
anything but here's the kicker the more
memes you post that are related to your
industry so you just can't post random
memes the memes have to be related to
your industry
and when you do that and you start
building up your follower account then
when you post your normal content it'll
get more engagement than it did
previously because you have more
followers and then a small percentage of
them a really really small percentage of
them will convert into buyers customers
and as you keep doing this over time
that small percentage because you're
posting frequently really starts adding
up but that's the key you post memes to
blow up your account you also post
majority of the time your normal content
and your normal content is what helps
you build relationships with those new
followers and then starts converting
some of them into customers actually
elon's a good example of this he uses
memes quite a bit and he said in the
past that he is a meme dealer because
meme is popular culture you're
leveraging popular culture people tend
to resonate with that more just be
careful though when you're using these
memes and jabbing away the memes need to
be super super highly relevant to your
industry and I know already mentioned
that once but the reason I'm mentioning
it again and again is if you start
posting random memes even if they start
going viral you'll start getting
followers that won't engage with your
normal more content and it can actually
script your page over time and it can
hurt you in the long run so don't get
too greedy with me marketing just
because something's really cool if you
can't adapt it to your industry don't
post it by the way if you're really good
at business and marketing memes you can
reach out to myself hit me up at Erica
Sue on Twitter or Instagram and Neil and
I are always looking for good meme
dealers because that's one thing that we
think we can level up at don't forget to
rate review subscribe and don't forget
to subscribe on YouTube and we will talk
to you later now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
us people about it thank you very much